mtls over grpc (#291)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: ank/doc/swdesign/README.md

`swdd~cli-provides-file-paths-to-communication-middleware~1`

Status: approved

When the file paths of the root certificate, the CLI certificate and the CLI key is provided upon startup, then the Ankaios CLI shall provide each of these file paths to the communication middleware.

Rationale:
The communication middleware is responsible for establishing a secure communication channel.

Tags:
- CliCommands

Needs:
- impl

#### CLI establishes insecure connection on provided insecure cli argument
`swdd~cli-establishes-insecure-communication-based-on-provided-insecure-cli-argument~1`

Status: approved

When the user runs the Ankaios CLI with enabled insecure communication and the Ankaios CLI initializes the communication middleware, then the Ankaios CLI shall instruct the communication middleware to use an insecure communication channel.

Comment:
Communicating over insecure channels is convenient during an evaluation or a development phase.

Tags:
- CliCommands

Needs:
- impl
- stest

#### CLI fails upon missing file paths and insecure cli arguments
`swdd~cli-fails-on-missing-file-paths-and-insecure-cli-arguments~1`

Status: approved

> When the user runs the Ankaios CLI without providing the cli arguments for the mTLS PEM file paths or the insecure cli argument, then the Ankaios CLI shall:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user runs the Ankaios CLI without providing the cli arguments for the mTLS PEM file paths or the insecure cli argument, then the Ankaios CLI shall:
```

Comment:
The PEM file format is a text-based, human-readable format. PEM files can contain certificates, private keys, public keys and even certificate chains, making them more versatile compared to other formats.

Rationale:
The Ankaios CLI uses the PEM files to establish a mutual transport layer security (mTLS) communication.

Tags:
- CliCommands

Needs:
- impl
- stest

#### CLI supports cli argument for insecure communication
`swdd~cli-supports-cli-argument-for-insecure-communication~1`

Status: approved

The Ankaios CLI shall support the cli argument `--insecure` with short alias `-k`.

Comment:
The Ankaios CLI supports an insecure communication channel to the Ankaios server. Communicating over insecure channels is convenient during an evaluation or a development phase.

Tags:
- CliCommands

Needs:
- impl
- stest

#### CLI provides file paths for mTLS to communication middleware
`swdd~cli-provides-file-paths-to-communication-middleware~1`

Status: approved

When the file paths of the root certificate, the CLI certificate and the CLI key is provided upon startup, then the Ankaios CLI shall provide each of these file paths to the communication middleware.

> Comment:
> The communication middleware parses the content of the files.
> 

Reviewer: Not really providing any information:
```suggestion
```

Rationale:
The communication middleware is responsible for establishing a secure communication channel.

Tags:
- AgentManager

> - CommunicationMiddleware

Reviewer: We don't need to tag the CommunicationMiddleware. It is an external component and tagging it does not bring any benefit.
```suggestion
```

Needs:
- impl

#### CLI establishes insecure connection on provided insecure cli argument
`swdd~cli-establishes-insecure-communication-based-on-provided-insecure-cli-argument~1`

Status: approved

When the user runs the Ankaios CLI with the arguments `-k` or `--insecure` and the Ankaios CLI initializes the communication middleware, then the Ankaios CLI shall instruct the communication middleware to use an insecure communication channel.

Comment:
Communicating over insecure channels is convenient during an evaluation or a development phase.

Tags:
- CliCommands

> - CommunicationMiddleware

Reviewer: We don't need to tag the CommunicationMiddleware. It is an external component and tagging it does not bring any benefit.
```suggestion
```

Needs:
- impl
- stest

#### CLI fails upon missing file paths and insecure cli arguments
`swdd~cli-fails-on-missing-file-paths-and-insecure-cli-arguments~1`

Status: approved

> When the user runs the Ankaios CLI without providing the cli arguments for the mTLS PEM file paths and the insecure cli argument, then the Ankaios CLI shall:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user runs the Ankaios CLI without providing the cli arguments for the mTLS PEM file paths or the insecure cli argument, then the Ankaios CLI shall:
```

* exit with a non zero exit code
* output an error message containing the reason and a help message

Rationale:

> The demand for an explicit communication mode prevents a user from unintentionally creating an Ankaios setup with a mixture of communication modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The demand for an explicit communication mode prevents a user from implicitly creating an Ankaios setup using insecure communication.
```
